hi my name is chippy and i'm going to
show you how my look like Nightwing in
DC Universe Online are going to get a
custom you have a hero villain and she's
a villain you want to be serious die my
mentor usually he has gadgets acrobatics
he's a dual wield and first right gear
HS you don't want to get the visa
because that's what's closest Tilly is
you want to go to legs and you want to
get the vase it again you had a fate
when you get the CO and that's then you
want to face get the full dollar that's
about it further you even go to coerce
you want any beer palette you want to
make this black make budgeting right boy
we're going to customize a gear and go
to waste real quick
you wanna make it that white also make
all that boy again you didn't want to go
to eyes and you want me then why get a
hair might get black
they've got a body hair
feeling it if you like it
you know what
you might turn out
I'm going to get the spiky you know and
that's basically about it and everything
the eating of anything you want doesn't
really matter remember all this is male
he's basically striker medium they
overhear the owner here oh look serious
that matter what mentor usually is
gadgets he's little dough will his
movements acrobatics alright thanks for
watching the bell just helped you a lot
see